## Contributing to the glTF Asset Generator 
We'd love to have you contribute to the glTF Asset Generator! The following is a guide on how to add a new test, and setting some expectations to help keep everything consistent.

## Goals
- Code is as readable as possible. 
-- We expect users that encounter issues with the models generated by this code will want to look at exactly how a given model is put together. Because of this, we want to empisise intuitive code flow, useage of comments, and general readability.

- Avoid creating negative tests (models that will fail to load when used correctly). 
-- Any client that is compliant with the glTF 2.0 spec is expected to successfully render any models created by the glTF Asset Generator. 
-- After the glTF 2.0 spec has enough coverage with positive tests (Models that do load when used correctly) then we plan to start adding negative test. These models will be well marked as such, and kept seperate from the models that are expected to successfully load.

- Aim to have less than 13 models and less than about six propoperties being tested in a single model group.
-- Having too many models in a single model group makes that model group difficult to consume manually, and makes too much scrolling required to view the entire model group's readme. Consider splitting the model group into two or more that are closely related.
-- Having too many properties balloons the number of models in the model group, and results in unsightly formatting issues when viewed in github's markdown.